---
title: 20241026 Notes
publishedAt: "2024-10-26"
---

Where did my goal of “writing one blog post per month” go...? I was not able to write an article in September. But I want to go with the theory that if I write two this month, it’s safe. I’ll do it. So this is the first article for October.

Before I knew it, the heat had disappeared, and the sun started setting earlier. A friend said, “It smells like fragrant olive.” So maybe autumn has probably begun. Come to think of it, was autumn this kind of atmosphere? I tried to remember last year, but I couldn’t do it well.

From August through October, I read several works that won the Akutagawa Prize.  
What I read was:

- Mount Bari
- Black Box
- Idol, Burning
- Tokyo Sympathy Tower

Those four books. I can’t really give impressions, or rather, I read them a little while ago, so I don’t remember. None of them had prose that felt unpleasant to read.  
Akutagawa Prize works are easy to read, and so far I haven’t encountered anything that felt like “this is a miss,” so I enjoy reading them. Right now I’m in the middle of reading a work called The Joy of This World. My goal this year is to read 10 books, so I think I’ll read a few more. I hope I can achieve it.

## Closing

I have nothing to write. There should have been several events in my life, but I don’t remember them at all. I thought I’d like to record my life so I can look back on it, because otherwise I’m in trouble at times like this.

Oh, come to think of it, I bought an iPhone 16 and a 10th-generation Apple Watch. That’s about it.

I’ll write one more article this month. Really.
