---
  title: "How I Feel Now About Wanting to Die"
  publishedAt: "2024-04-30"
---

It has been a long time since the desire to die stopped welling up in me.  
It began around the summer of fourth grade, and at the end of the year before last, the feeling that had lived inside me disappeared.

Why did it disappear? Because I got treatment.  
Why did I get treatment? Because I wanted to be freed from the pain.

Being in a state of wanting to die is painful. In my case (and this may be true for many people who want to die), I was tormented by the dilemma between “the desire to die” and “the reality that I cannot die,” and that was unbearably painful.  
(I would also like to write about the details of this pain and an examination of the emotions that people who want to die may have, but I’ll omit that in this article.)  
In any case, I wanted to escape that suffering as soon as possible. And this time, the place I happened to escape to was not “suicide” but “treatment.”

I began seriously facing treatment in the second half of the year before last, but until then, to be honest, I did not believe in medical care related to the mind. I thought “the desire to die” was something innate, that it and I were bound together, and that it would never peel away from me.
Even now, I have not ultimately come to believe that. However, when a doctor told me, “You are a patient with typical symptoms,” I feel like a faint expectation began to sprout inside me for the first time: “If it is typical, then maybe it can be treated according to the theory.”
And I have continued treatment until today, and now I have recovered to the point where I can work.

Now, I’ll talk about the present, after remission.  
My family and the people around me told me, “It’s good that your symptoms are gone.”  
It is a happy thing to have escaped the suffering, and from the bottom of my heart I’m glad I got treatment.

Since then, I feel like there has been a period of about a year during which I have not wanted to die. It feels deeply moving, and for some reason a little lonely too.

In conclusion, right now I do not want to die.  
But if asked whether that means “I want to live,” it does not. While I do not think “I want to die,” I also do not think “I want to live.”  
And I feel that this is a dangerous state, like standing at the edge of a large hole.
Because the version of me that neither wants to live nor wants to die is afraid that, with some small trigger, I might suddenly be returned to a state of wanting to die. It feels like if I were pushed just a little, I would fall into a large hole.  
So now, I spend my days afraid of something that might push me into that hole.
